Work: In this assignment, I created two parent TCP socket in AWS for client and monitor. And each parent socket can create a child socket to listen from the client and monitor. And AWS will also create two UDP socket for Backened-Server A and Backened-Server B. The client had two kinds of operations which are write and compute. When client sent write operation to AWS, the AWS sent the data to server A to write in the database. 
d. 
    (1)client.c: The client sent write or compute operation to the AWS.
    (2)aws.c:  The AWS received the write operation from client and sent to the server A and monitor. Then, when the compute operation came, AWS sent the data to server A to search for the link ID and received the data from server A.And AWS sent the data to server B to compute. Also, after the AWS received the compute results from server B, it would send the results to the monitor and client.
    (3)serverA.c: The server A would receive the write from the AWS and save them in the database for future compute operation. After receiving the compute operation from AWS, the server can search the database for the link ID and send back the data to AWS.
    (4)serverB.c: The server B would receive the data from the AWS to compute the transmission delay, propagation delay and the end-to-end 	delay according to data from client and server A. After calculating, server B would send back the results to AWS.
    (5)monitor.c: The monitor kept receiving from the AWS for data and information.
e.The results calculated from server B are in the form of 'double' variables. But the data sending between every hosts is in the form of 'char' variable. And the results shown on the screen are also in 'double' form but have been limited to '%.2f'.
g. At most of the time, the project can work well. If there is a error of bind: address already in use, please wait for some time and run again.
h. To establish the socket: http://blog.csdn.net/u012234115/article/details/54142273
   To write data to txt and read from txt:<C chengxusheji> (A book in Chinese)
